Until now we learn how and ironic to upstarts and works.
But I'm sure it's a bit confusing to understand what pages are and how exactly they get rendered to
understand how they get rendered.
We need to understand how navigation works.
The important thing here is ironic too it does not use the angler to router.
Instead it has its own navigation concept which is a stack of pages and remember pages are normal components.
It's just that well they render our full screen so they contain everything we want to see on the screen.
And then I want it to manage as a stack of such pages of such components in the background.
This is why it needs to be started with its own root app which then wraps our route app because this
navigation stack your stack of pages needs to be initialized and this is what I onic to dust behind
the scenes.
We are then able to push new pages on the stack and the important thing about the stack is we always
view the top most page.
This is the page which is currently displayed on the screen so there might be multiple pages on the
stack but we only view the top most in this case the page which was recently pushed on the stack.
Well of course we can also go back by popping off a page which means now the stack only has two pages
and we're viewing this well second page.
Again the top most one this is how I want it to works.
It has a stack kind of like an array of pages where you can push and pop elements add and delete them
and view the top most one.
Well let's see this in action to fully understand how this works and what pages are